Well then how should we judge in our practitioners ?
Also it says in teacher that I can be seen by myelography
But when I do myelography, a test that I can not do without general anesthesia
Right
In was erecting
Tteyuu What if said Tatte not'm Ne reduce
Nde that had been wondering ever I always now
And Masu This Lee Mingushi lonely here is put in here It is what and 8 financial personality
I think you know the rainy season Re a little at this time oscillating
First to know of before Ofure
That
Line in the left and right say oscillating not'm Drilled leading
To come so
Even without 's transfer Is mode will continue to oscillating
So I think that it would be the same for this blood vessel surgery and the original car to misunderstand quite well
But because it is quite the opposite
8 also do so also because round sense of the real is crazy over I know if the teacher that it was merging
I want you
Cut I really I'm serious I Chug Publicis is the Tteyuu cutting the cornea
Please think that it is hard tissue after Hey
Peace is no longer flawed
I feel like a god son Kami to another true is Perappera
It's a paper paper 3 turns
Because it is such an organization, the treatment is completely different already The difference in the treatment basically
Because you can use confidence I thread the result is a Shin Maru but is hugging
Or is it a diamond diamond scene